//Responsible for the creation of a world-class EV Charge station management system.

In early 2020, at the start of the Covid pandemic, I made a choice to join a startup, Miralis as they were starting to build an electric vehicle charging platform.

What started as an endeavour for a single customer, quickly expanded out into what is now amongst the largest UK networks for electric vehicle charging.

Starting as the principle developer and architect of [Fuuse](https://www.fuuse.io), my role soon expanded into Engineering manager, overseeing the day to day running of the team in addition to my existing duties as the principle developer of the platform.

As the principle developer and architect, I oversaw:

- Drafting of and Implementation of the database schema and its mapping to an ORM Framework.
- Development of a secure API strategy, complimented by OAuth backed JWT authentication.
- YAML CI/CD pipelines within Azure that allowed for completely autonomous deployment with zero downtime.
- Full implementation of OCPP and OCPI standards for both EVSE communication and EV roaming respectively.    
- Ensured that test coverage of the Fuuse codebase was as high as possible at all times.  
- Development of code contribution policies and peer review standards across the platform.

Scaling the team then to 14 developers and QA staff, I became the CTO of the Fuuse platform. This promotion allowed me the space to step away from code on a daily basis to scale the technical side of the business, whilst maintaining overall direction on code strategy.  Organising developer and regulatory policies, I ensured that the platform was a stable and secure platform for both SME and Enterprise customers.

As the platform grew from start-up to scale-up territory, I then oversaw the development of an observability framework in Grafana to monitor regular and irregular patterns of usage within the platform.